= Rubygem-passenger

This project is an attempt to build RPMs for {Phusion
Passenger}[http://modrails.org] for Fedora Core 13+, RHEL 5.5+, and CentOS
5.5+ (both via EPEL)

== Packages

=== Main Packages

passenger-release:: Yum configuration necessary to query the main repository
                    (and eventually mirrors) for updates.

rubygem-passenger:: The base passenger Gem. Most of the package lives here.

mod_passenger:: The Apache webserver dynamically loadable module.

nginx-passenger:: A version of the nginx webserver with the passenger module
                  statically linked (nginx does not support dynamically
                  loadable modules)

rubygem-passenger-native:: The compiled helper executables required by
                           mod_passenger and nginx-passenger

rubygem-passenger-native-libs:: The passenger_native_support.so shared library
                                compiled against a given ruby engine. This
                                package is separated to simplify building one
                                for a different ruby engine. Currently only
                                required by nginx-passenger.

rubygem-passenger-standalone:: The passenger-standalone server. Currently
                               downloads & installs a private version of
                               nginx, and thus is more suited to a development
                               environment. This may be fixed in a later
                               release.

rubygem-passenger-debuginfo:: Standard debugger symbols for the above packages.

=== Dependency Packages

nginx-alternatives:: A meta-package to put nginx under the alternatives system
                     so that multiple versions of the binary can co-exist.
                     This package is meant to be Obsoleted by a future nginx
                     package which should contain this functionality.

rubygem-daemon_controller:: A gem for robust daemon managment. Required by
                            rubygem-passenger.

rubygem-file-tail:: Library to tail files in Ruby. Required by rubygem-passenger.
rubygem-spruz:: "Useful Stuff." Required by rubygem-file-tail.

== Etc.

More to come!